[DPS-2069] Add Console Agent MCP integration (#1797)
snowplow/documentation: docs/llms-support/console-agent-mcp/index.md

---

> title: "Console Agent MCP server"

Reviewer: Our customer facing name for this will be the "Snowplow MCP Server". Console Agent we are going to only refer to as the Snowplow Assistant publicly.

sidebar_label: "Console Agent MCP server"
sidebar_position: 40
description: "Connect your AI assistant to the Snowplow Console Agent MCP server for natural language console management."
keywords: ["mcp", "model context protocol", "ai", "console agent"]
date: "2026-05-21"
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

The Snowplow Console Agent exposes a remote [Model Context Protocol](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/) (MCP) server that lets AI assistants interact with your Snowplow Console account using natural language.

> The MCP server exposes the same set of tools that Console Agent has, but in your choice of harness and model. The server authenticates through your existing Snowplow Console login via OAuth.

Reviewer: Snowplow Assistant

---
title: "Console Agent MCP server"
sidebar_label: "Console Agent MCP server"
sidebar_position: 40
description: "Connect your AI assistant to the Snowplow Console Agent MCP server for natural language console management."
keywords: ["mcp", "model context protocol", "ai", "console agent"]
date: "2026-05-21"
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

The Snowplow Console Agent exposes a remote [Model Context Protocol](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/) (MCP) server that lets AI assistants interact with your Snowplow Console account using natural language.

> The MCP server exposes the same set of tools that Console Agent have, but in your choise of harness and model. The server authenticates through your existing Snowplow Console login via OAuth

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The MCP server exposes the same set of tools that Console Agent has, but in your choice of harness and model. The server authenticates through your existing Snowplow Console login via OAuth.
```

Add the following to your Claude Desktop configuration file:

- macOS: `~/Library/Application Support/Claude/claude_desktop_config.json`
- Windows: `%APPDATA%\Claude\claude_desktop_config.json`

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "snowplow-console-agent": {
      "command": "npx",
      "args": [
        "-y",
        "mcp-remote",
        "https://console.snowplowanalytics.com/api/agent/mcp",
        "3334",
        "--static-oauth-client-info",
        "{\"client_id\":\"NxCcdyu13Cr4umnIYw70evvUyRXRvyWf\"}"
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

Restart Claude Desktop after saving. On startup Claude Desktop opens a browser window for Snowplow login and caches the token locally for subsequent sessions.

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="claude-code" label="Claude Code">

Add a remote MCP server to Claude Code by running:

```bash
claude mcp add snowplow-console-agent \
  --transport http \
  --client-id NxCcdyu13Cr4umnIYw70evvUyRXRvyWf \
  --callback-port 3334 \
  https://console.snowplowanalytics.com/api/agent/mcp
```

Run the "mcp" command, select the "snowplow-console-agent" and then "Authenticate". This should open a browser page for Snowplow login.

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Available tools

> Once connected, your AI assistant has access to the following tool groups:

Reviewer 3: where is the list of tools group?

Author: Forgot to remove this section
